[docs] DBv3 updates (#19704)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/standards/deepbookv3/query-the-pool.mdx

): (u64, u64, u64)
```

### Retrieve pool ID

Get the ID of the pool given the asset types.

```move
public fun get_pool_id_by_asset<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>(registry: &Registry): ID
```

### Retrieve order information

Returns the `Order` struct using the order ID.

```move
public fun get_order<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>(
    self: &Pool<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>,
    order_id: u128,
): Order
```

Returns a vector of `Order` structs using a vector of order IDs.

```move
public fun get_orders<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>(
    self: &Pool<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>,
    order_ids: vector<u128>,
): vector<Order>
```

Returns a vector of `Order` structs for all orders that belong to a `BalanceManager` in the pool.

```move
public fun get_account_order_details<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>(
    self: &Pool<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>,
    balance_manager: &BalanceManager,
): vector<Order>
```

### Retrieve locked balance

> Returns the locked balance for a `BalanceManager` in the pool ('base_quantity', 'quote_quantity', 'deep_quantity').

Author: ```suggestion
Returns the locked balance for a `BalanceManager` in the pool (`base_quantity`, `quote_quantity`, `deep_quantity`).
```

```move
public fun locked_balance<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>(
    self: &Pool<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>,
    balance_manager: &BalanceManager,
): (u64, u64, u64)
```

### Retrieve pool parameters

> Returns the trade parameters for the pool ('taker_fee', 'maker_fee', 'stake_required').

Author: ```suggestion
Returns the trade parameters for the pool (`taker_fee`, `maker_fee`, `stake_required`).
```

```move
public fun pool_trade_params<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>(
    self: &Pool<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>,
): (u64, u64, u64)
```

> Returns the book parameters for the pool ('tick_size', 'lot_size', 'min_size').

Author: ```suggestion
Returns the book parameters for the pool (`tick_size`, `lot_size`, `min_size`).
```

```move
public fun pool_book_params<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>(
    self: &Pool<BaseAsset, QuoteAsset>,
): (u64, u64, u64)
```

> Returns the 'OrderDeepPrice' struct for the pool, which determines the conversion for DEEP fees.

Author: ```suggestion
Returns the `OrderDeepPrice` struct for the pool, which determines the conversion for DEEP fees.
```
